mooc/index.rst, before:

Welcome to Five-Star Battery Data
=================================

Welcome! This MOOC teaches you how to turn raw battery data into structured, reusable, and linked digital assets — one star at a time.

Get started below:

.. grid:: 1

    .. grid-item-card::
        :link: introduction/introduction.html
        :text-align: center

        :octicon:`rocket;1em;sd-text-success`  Start the Course
        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
        What is Five-Star Data, and why does it matter?

.. grid:: 1

    .. grid-item-card::
        :link: quiz/quiz.html
        :text-align: center

        :octicon:`light-bulb;1em;sd-text-muted`  Take the Quiz
        ^^^^^^^^
        Recap what you've learned and get ready to apply it.


.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 1

   introduction/introduction
   discussion/discussion
   quiz/quiz

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 1
   :titlesonly:

   star-1/star-1-notebook
   star-2/star-2-notebook
   star-3/star-3-notebook
   star-4/star-4-notebook
   star-5/star-5-notebook
   summary/summary

Funding acknowledgement
-----------------------
This work has received funding from the European Union and the **BATTERY 2030+** initiative under grant agreement No. 101104022. The views and opinions expressed are those of the authors only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union. Neither the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them.

Commit message:

Revise funding acknowledgement section
Updated funding acknowledgement with a link and image.

mooc/index.rst, after:

Welcome to Five-Star Battery Data
=================================

Welcome! This MOOC teaches you how to turn raw battery data into structured, reusable, and linked digital assets — one star at a time.

Get started below:

.. grid:: 1

    .. grid-item-card::
        :link: introduction/introduction.html
        :text-align: center

        :octicon:`rocket;1em;sd-text-success`  Start the Course
        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
        What is Five-Star Data, and why does it matter?

.. grid:: 1

    .. grid-item-card::
        :link: quiz/quiz.html
        :text-align: center

        :octicon:`light-bulb;1em;sd-text-muted`  Take the Quiz
        ^^^^^^^^
        Recap what you've learned and get ready to apply it.


.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 1

   introduction/introduction
   discussion/discussion
   quiz/quiz

.. toctree::
   :hidden:
   :maxdepth: 1
   :titlesonly:

   star-1/star-1-notebook
   star-2/star-2-notebook
   star-3/star-3-notebook
   star-4/star-4-notebook
   star-5/star-5-notebook
   summary/summary

Funding acknowledgement
-----------------------

.. image:: _static/flag_of_europe.png
   :alt: Flag of Europe
   :width: 120px
   :align: left

This work has received funding from the European Union and the `Battery 2030+ <https://battery2030.eu/>`_ initiative under grant agreement No. 101104022. The views and opinions expressed are those of the authors only and do not necessarily reflect those of the European Union. Neither the European Union nor the granting authority can be held responsible for them.
